I decided to do project 2 on a fictional brewery/restaurant based in southern california that I invented 
called Veza Sur brewing company. This brewery has a big focus on using local ingredients, and a sense
of community. As far as layout goes, one of the major problems I ran into was using Grid and Flex, which
led to alot of alignment problems. I decided to only use flex, which made things much easier. I had a ton
of issues with responsiveness, which unfortuantely is still not perfect
 

Overall, I feel as though I need to do more planning before I jump in. This time I even made a really nice prototype, and still ended up
getting very confused with my code. At one point I took 3 or 4 days away, and came back to see that I had not commented a single thing.
This let to alot of banging my head against the wall to figure out what the heck I was doing before I stepped away for a couple of days.
From now on I will comment my CSS and HTML as I go - this is a programming lesson I should have learned by now, but sometimes I just forget.

Areas I think I did well on for this assignment are...

1. Design - I like the way everything looks and how it flows together, font choices, media, fonts etc...
2. Content - I tried hard to make this seem like it could be a real brewery or restaurant, and I think I achieved that.
3. Appropriate promotional style Layout - I really wanted to embrace the long scroll format for this site, and between the chunked
content, large images and sticky navbar I think I did OK. The small logo in the top right corner would server as a home button, to
get back to the main page from anywhere, and the thought behind the sticky navbar is that since it's a long scrolling site, the user
does not have to manually scroll back to the top of the page to go to another section. I tried to think about UX design as well in
this project.

Areas where I feel I need to improve...

1. Responsiveness, it still does not look great in mobile and tablet views, need to work on this. Possibly could be 
my understanding of media queries is not 100%.
2. Repetetive CSS. I am still struggling with slimming down the amount of CSS I use. I did end up
using the chrome dev tools which tells you where you have unused CSS to see if I could remove some
but it was all in use. I think I could be more effecient with my seletors, so I don't have a giant
wall of CSS that is so hard to read.

I should point out that there are some areas where there are links are buttons that don't go anywhere. Since
I put so much time and effort into design, and this project only required one page, the Grid Image section 
would link to other pages if the site was complete. As well as the button that says "JOIN THE TEAM!" Would take
the user to an application page. I also had other ideas for forms where other companies could order bulk items
to sell in their restaurant, or store. I had many ideas for this but ran out of time. I wanted to include more pages.


EXTRAS ...

I ended up doing a form sort of like I did on project 1 - except this time I tried to style it nicer.
It is the email sign up I have in the middle section, and the div is called email-form. I tried to
actually make it work with javascript but got really confused, and decided not to include the .JS file.

I also belive that possible I could qualify for overall expectional design, but am not counting on that
so theres the form as well. I really wanted to explore more JS but had a really hard time trying to think of
something that would fit my project.

